landing page kezz, check order

Make first kezz: It was the best of times, it was the worst of times, it was the age of wisdom, it was the age of foolishness, it was the epoch of belief, it was the epoch of incredulity, it was the season of Light, it was the season of Darkness, it was the spring of hope, it was the winter of despair, we had everything before us, we had nothing before us, we were all going direct to Heaven, we were all going direct the other way...

kezzes working
haikus, save poems
add,edit,delete words anywhere in the story (flow & fierro)
explain more how to play, be SUPER Explicit

Admin control panel layout
KEZZ ACADEMY logo
Login|Register / My Profile
Games
	Kezzes
	Winged Words
	Finnegan

Go live

put in twitter and fb like buttons (in all pages) 

Personal public profile
	kezz's you've completed, attempted
	poems you've written
	contributions to the story you've made
	your activity

--------------------------------------------------------------
Winged Words
	style lines
	save poems
	
	detect rhymes	- 
		CMUDict (CMU Pronouncing Dictionary), 
		Metaphone
		Arpabet - https://github.com/zeke/arpabet (rails rhyme lookup) - hard (all latin script languages)
		http://rhymebrain.com/api.html - easy (english only)
		https://github.com/nathanielksmith/node-cmudict

		couplets
		ottava rima
		perfect rhymes, general rhymes, and mirror rhymes, slant rhymes

	detect iambs 
	iambic - de-DUMM (U')
	anapestic- de-de-DUMM (UU')
	trochaic- DUMM-de ('U)
	dactylic- DUMM-de-de ('UU) 

	slam


--------------------------------------------------------------

Kezz:
	all paragraphs are orange or green only

	count # of times they checked
	show placeholder highlight for s and ph
	show 'half way there' and 'big wins' '+4' or +5, -4
	show timer - stop timer when complete
	add validations


	upcase beginnings of sentences in js
		found selector for this but don't know how to upcase the text 
			on load upcase the character and on all the sortable() update methods do it again.

	leave periods at the end of every sentence dispite its phrase order

	make sample_data work . . . create model method that creates all the paragraphs, sentences, and phrases, then call it from the rake task.

---------------------------------------------------------------

Build the story
	add words
	change words
	remove words


--------------------------------------------------------------

vote up people's poems, follow poets, get a digest


Gamification: 
	Points based on:
		difficulty of kezz
		mistakes made
	Get points for completing Kezzes
	More with speed
	badges based on
		tags
		creating kezzes
		rating kezzes
		completing kezzes
		sharing kezzes
		commenting on kezzes/libraries


Machine learning:
	Tags
	Rate Kezzes
	difficulty
	Rate libraries


Integration:
	facebook meta tags
	facebook authentication
	post this kezz to your feed
	tweet this kezz

	like kezz
	post kezz to your feed
	tweet kezz



Usecases:

I'm Tony the teacher 
	I log on to kezz to create kezz libraries to use as homework and in class exersices for my students
	I like the way that I can see each student's progress on their homework and comprehension (I see time taken to complete, # of submits, and # of hints). 
	I don't like that it is so easy for the students to cheat, one google search and they find the text and the answer, I guess even then they are at least reading it all the way through. I do get potential cheater stats if they submit only once and take no hints.
	I also like that I can find existing libraries and related libraries to what I teach.

I'm Sally the student
	I log into kezz because my teacher requires us to do some in class exercises and homework in kezz.
	I like it because I am a hand's on learner and because I improve and earn points and badges from my teacher and from the site. It makes doing my homework fun.

I'm Nikolai the Russian
	I log into Kezz to improve my english composition and reading comprehension. 

I'm Ian the investor
	I like kezz because it is a platform with many users and a proven model. I plan to buy it for oodles of money and wrap it into a giant soulless backward educational technologly corporation




other ideas:

Allusions
heuristic ways to learn 
leaderboards/gamification of writing
instagrams of writing
collaborative writing


switch to angular:
	kezz -> 
		fetch and display @reading 
		fetch reading_id_order
		setup drag and drop angular
		have check_id compare current_id_order with reading_id_order
		change colors
	winged-words ->
		keyup, hack up lines into divs
		conditionally

